readme.md, before:

# About/History
This is a note taking app that I made to make my job slightly easier.  There aren't many programs on our work computers suitable for storing notes from calls.  I quickly whipped up a webpage to save myself from staring into small notepad.  Eventually, I got the idea to recreate it with a few technologies that I wanted to learn more about.  
### Technologies Used
HTML, CSS, and JavaScript (The basics)

[Bulma](https://bulma.io/)

[Vue.js](https://vuejs.org/)



# Getting Started
1. Clone the repo to the local directory of your choice
2. Locate the index.html document
3. Open the HTML document in the web browser of your choice
### Usage
The light bulb icon in the top right of the page is for switching between light mode and dark mode.  I tend to prefer dark mode in most applications.  I did my best to make sure none of the colors were too harsh.

The "Call Note Stats" dropdown contains that tells you:
* The number of notes in "New" status
* The number of notes in "Incomplete" status
* The number of notes in "Do Later" status
* The number of notes in "Complete" status
* The number of all notes

The "+ New Note" button creates a box that contains a text area for typing important notes, a select dropdown for changing the status of each individual note, and a delete button for removing a particular note entirely.

The status of a note mainly acts as a visual indicator that something may or may not need to be done.

Commit message:

Slight adjustments to the readme.  Adjustments to HTML. Removed some unused CSS.  Added javascript that creates a popup when the user tries to refresh to help prevent accidental data loss.

readme.md, after:

# About
This is a note taking app made to make my job slightly easier.  There aren't many programs on our work computers suitable for storing notes from calls. I whipped this up to save myself from staring into small notepad windows.  Eventually, I got the idea to recreate it with a few technologies that I wanted to learn a little more about.
### Technologies Used
HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript (The basics)
[The Bulma CSS framework](https://bulma.io/)
[Vue.js](https://vuejs.org/)


# Getting Started
1. Clone the repo
2. Locate index.html in the recently cloned directory
3. Open index.html in your favorite web browser
4. Read the instructions below
### Usage
The light bulb icon in the top right of the page is for switching between light mode and dark mode. I tend to prefer dark mode in most applications. I did my best to make sure none of the colors were too harsh.

The "Call Note Stats" button expands when clicked. When expanded this tells you:
* The number of notes in "New" status
* The number of notes in "Incomplete" status
* The number of notes in "Do Later" status
* The number of notes in "Complete" status
* The total number of all notes

The "+ New Note" button creates a new "note box".

Each "note box" contains:
* A text area for typing important notes.
* A select dropdown to choose the status of a note.
* A delete button for removing a particular note entirely.
* A span containing the time and date that a note was last modified.

The status of a note is a visual indicator that something may or may not need to be done.
